W-13729475 setup desktop duke (#78)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/log-in-anypoint-platform.adoc

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

Log in to Anypoint Platform from the Anypoint Code Builder IDE when you work from the web or from your desktop IDE for Anypoint Code Builder. 

Anypoint Code Builder features that require a connection to Anypoint Platform produce an error if you do not log in to Anypoint Platform.

The _bottom right_ area of the IDE's UI indicates your login status:

* *Not logged in to Anypoint Platform* indicates that you must log in to perform tasks that require a connection to Anypoint Platform. 
+
image::acb-not-logged-in.png[]

> * A link to your user name indicates that you are logged in. You no loger see

Author: ```suggestion
* A link to your user name indicates that you are logged in.
```

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

> Log in to Anypoint Platform from the Anypoint Code Builder IDE when you work from the web or from your desktop IDE for Anypoint Code Builder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to Anypoint Platform, either from the Anypoint Code Builder IDE when you work from the web or from your desktop IDE for Anypoint Code Builder. 
```

> Anypoint Code Builder features that require a connection to Anypoint Platform produce an error if you do not log in to Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Code Builder features that require a connection to Anypoint Platform produce an error if you don't log in to Anypoint Platform.
```

> The _bottom right_ area of the IDE's UI indicates your login status:

Reviewer: avoid (A11Y)
https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/MTDT/MuleSoft+CX+Writing+Style+Reference#MuleSoftCXWritingStyleReference-accessiblelanguage

Author: I have no idea how to fix this but will read when I can. Thx for resource. 

Do you happen to have a suggestion, @hannanelson?

Reviewer: Just say something like "The status bar shows your login status." (Particularly if we keep that screenshot.)

> The _bottom right_ area of the IDE's UI indicates your login status:

Author: ```suggestion
The status bar shows your login status.
```

* *Not logged in to Anypoint Platform* indicates that you must log in to perform tasks that require a connection to Anypoint Platform. 
+
image::acb-not-logged-in.png[]
* A link to your user name indicates that you are logged in.

//TODO: DO WE HAVE A LIST OF FEATURES THAT DO AND DON'T REQUIRE LOGIN? AND IS THERE A WAY TO CREATE A SHORT LIST?

== Before You Begin

include::partial$acb-prereq-login.adoc[]

== Log in to Your Anypoint Platform Account

> In the web and desktop IDEs, use the Command Palette in Anypoint Code Builder to log in: 

Author: ```suggestion
In the web and desktop IDEs, use the command palette in Anypoint Code Builder to log in: 
```

> . Open the Command Palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. Open the Command Palette (`ctrl/cmd + shift + P`) and type or paste the following command:
```
